### Minutes for 2022-04-01 Pilot1-to-pmda meeting

### Attendees

* AIKP (Ari Siggaard Knoph) <aikp@novonordisk.com>
* Haesendonckx, Steven [JRDBE] <shaesen2@ITS.JNJ.com>
* Nishimura, Rikimaru [JANJP] <rnishim7@its.jnj.com>
* taku.sakaue@businesspartner.roche.com
* shinichi-hotta@ds-pharma.co.jp

### Not present

* Hong Yan <hong.yan@regeneron.com>

Github discussions

Office of Advanced Evaluation with Electronic Data that handles everything in regards to eData packages.
Under contacts they only have a phone number but on [this page](https://www.pmda.go.jp/english/review-services/reviews/0002.html) with information on all of the guidelines and forms there is an email address: [jisedaiPTâ—pmda.go.jp](http://pmda.go.jp/). This is also the email address mentioned in [this update](https://www.pmda.go.jp/files/000215352.pdf) from Yuki Ando in 2016.

 

### Required actions

1. Set up a repo for PMDA submission

=> Steven to reach out to Joe for this.

 

2. Access to portal site (submission gateway):

To access the portal site you must retrieve a certificate from the Medical Information System Development Center. However this certificate is only allowed to be issued to residents of Japan

 

Actions:

Initiation of discussion with Office for Advanced Evaluation with Electronic Data (jisedaiPT@pmda.go.jp)  #70
draft email

 @joseph-rickert to send out on behalf of R consortium

 

=> Taku knows someone at PMDA and will reach out to her and see what needs to be in the email/cover letter and help translate. Yuki Ando. Sinishi will also reach out and see if she wants to join the subgroup meetings.

=> Ari also has a contact that could support this submission.

 

Help from a Japanese colleague/member to acquire access to portal site.
 

3. Documents:

The only addition would be the creation of an Attachment 8 (former Appendix 8) where they need info on trials, standards, validation software and analysis software. This is translated into Japanese as you usually need to submit a preliminary version of it for any meetings with PMDA.

The documents to accompany the submission differs depending on what version of the eCTD structure we would like to submit in. Currently PMDA accepts eCTD v3.2.2. and will start support for v4 from April.

As this package is for testing purposes they didn't think it was necessary to create an Attachment 8 as this is not part of submitting a data package to PMDA.

A cover letter in Japanese must be included in m1.

It is acceptable that documents in the eData package are in English.

 

Action: 

Modification and translation of cover letter to Japanese

 

 

4. eData package:

If the submission is done according to eCTD v3.2.2 then the data packages are not part of eCTD but "attached" as a supplemental in the portal site and a metadata file (TSV file) must be provided in m4.

If we are allowed to submit in eCTD v4 then the data package would go into m5.

 

Additional Actions

Ari to organize follow-up meetings
